Author: Connor Stone
contact: connor.stone@queensu.ca

This package computes structural parameters for galaxies in the PROBES
compendium. It includes a pipeline builder to quickly process many
galaxies. The basic framework represents every galaxy as a dictionary
which stores the relevant information about the galaxy. Each module
takes a galaxy dictionary as an argument and computes some structural
parameter and its uncertainty; the computed values are then added to
the dictionary. The structural parameters pipeline is just a system to
pass galaxies through these functions in the right order, and also
allow for simple parallelization.

Flow_StructuralParameters.py
------------------------------------------------------------
Here you will find the pipeline builder which takes a set of arguments
as to which radii and bands are needed and it builds a corresponding
flowchart. This is the main intended interface for using the
structural parameters code. However, users can create their own
pipelines relatively easily from the StructuralParameters.py functions
and other Supporting functions.

Corrections.py
------------------------------------------------------------
Here you will find functions which apply corrections to the PROBES
data, such as Galactic extinction and truncating the SB profiles.

StructuralParameters.py
------------------------------------------------------------
Here you will find functions which compute individual structural
parameters.

Diagnostic_Plots.py
------------------------------------------------------------
This module contains functions which plot various aspects of the
analysis, making it easier to spot problems with the calculations
and/or determine which galaxies are causing trouble.

Supporting_Functions.py
------------------------------------------------------------
Here there are a number of functions and objects which are used in
performing the various structural parameter calculations. For example
converting between flux and mag, Vhelio and Vcmb, and integrating SB
profiles. These functions/objects are used by a variety of other
modules in the package.

Decorators.py
------------------------------------------------------------
A few decorators are used to keep the StructuralParameters.py code
fairly clean. These are included here though likely users will not
need to interact with them.